setion 11.
API documentation

why document
1. APIs are designed for developers to use
2. Need to know how to use it
3. An API is only as good as its dcumentation

if you create an API and you just explain how to use it , but you dont actually have proper documentation,
that can be reference, then its going to be very difficult to use the API anf the chances are the person who is using the API ISNT GOING TO be able to use it properly because they dont have full detailed documentation of what the api that they need to use.

what to document
basically you need to document
1. everything that you need to know in order to use the API
2. avaliable endpoints (paths)
    eg. document recipes as ./api/recipes
3. supported methods
    -GET POST, PUT, PATCH, DELETE
    You also need to document the format of the payloads or the inputs that the developers can put into your API
4. Format of payloads (inputs)
    - Parameters
    - post JSON format
5. format of responses (output)
    - response JSON format
    so what is the response format thats expexted from the aoi so that the developers
    using it knows how to use the response
    like what detials are weitten form the api after its performed , whatever  action is being performed.
6. Authentication process
    - so how do you authenticate users with your API and make sure that requests are made successfully

OPTIONS FOR DOCUMENTATION
1. Manual
   -word doc
    -markdown
    ---lot of manual option like create a word document,
    ---a markdown document which you can store in GitHUb.
    and provide all the details of the API and how you should use it.
 DRAWBACK is that you need to manually maintain updates to the documents and its
     time  onsuming.
- also add risk that documentation become old and outdated and no longer useful for the API
2. automated
    - Use matadata from code and comments
    -generate documentation page.
- the best approach is to use the automated - where you use metadata form the code and
 add comments that you add to the python code that you created.
 Matadata to generate the documentation page automatically.


in this section
1.  explore tools for making documentations seamless
    - how you automate the API generation and create really nice, easy to use documentation pags without having to manually update these pages and write lots of different code just using the code that your already creating.

2. add documetation for ou API
3. we can even use the graphical user interface to intract with our API and make some test requests.



