Auto docs with DRF

DRF is django rest fremework

doc in Django Rest Framework.
1. auto generate docs with third party library.
 - library called as drf-spectacular
 ----There are various different tools available and there are a few different libraries.
 ----I tested them all out and this seemed to be the
    one that had the great support online and also were
    the best when I added it to our API.
    So this is why I chose this one.
    It is a really great tool and it makes it really easy and it also supports the open API 3.0 standard,
2. GENARATES SCHEMA
 - document in format of JSON and YAML.
    -   what that document does is it explains the API, but it's really designed for another tool to use.
    So you can kind of use the schema and read it manually if you kind of know what you're looking for.
    But really what the schema is is a standard way to create a document that explains the API that can be used by different documentation tools.
3. the schema that allows you to create a browser able
    web interface.
    Browsable Web Interface
    -  make test requests
    ------ you can actually make real requests to the API in the browser in order to test it.
    - handle authentication
    ------It also handles authentication, so you can set the authentication token for the requests in the browser API.

HOw it Works
1. generate  ' schema' file
2. parse schema into GUI

OpenApi Schema
1. standard for describing APIs
2. Popular in industry
    -- lots of diffrent tools use and support this schema.
    it alsosuppored by most Api documentation tools.
3. Supported by most API documentation tools
4. Uses popular formats: YAML / JASON

using a Schema
1. Doownload and run in local Swagger instance
2. Serve Swagger with API

Demo of swager
check video




